ACTIVITY
	The type of activity performed by the subject wearing the smartphone
	Observations were made for the following activities:
	1. WALKING
	2. WALKING_UPSTAIRS
	3. WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
	4. SITTING
	5. STANDING
	6. LAYING

SUBJECT
	The ID of the subject doing the activity.
	The experiment including 30 subjects. These subjects are numbered
	by ID's between 1 and 30.
	

We describe the rest of the variables by the different possible
components in the name of the variable. 

Each of the variables in the dataset is an average per subject per 
activity over all the observations recorded in the raw data.

TIME, FREQUENCY
	The raw signals coming from the accelerometer and gyroscope in the
	smartphone were measured in the time domain. These variables are
	prefixed with 'Time'.
	
	To some raw signals from the time domain a Fast Fourer Transform was
	applied, to get values in the frequency domain. These variables are
	prefixed with 'Frequency'.

BODY, GRAVITY
	Acceleration signals were split into signals for the accelaration for
	the body and signals for gravity acceleration.

ACCELERATION, GYRO
	Signals would either come from the accelerometer or the gyroscope of
	the Samsumg smartphone. Variables for the accelerometer contain the
	word 'Acceleration'. For the gyroscope the variables contain the
	word 'Gyro'. The 'Gyro' variables measure angular velocity.

JERK
	Both the Acceleration and Gyro measurements were derived in time to
	obtain 'Jerk' signals ('AccelerationJerk' and 'GyroJerk' respectively).

X, Y, Z
	All measurements were measured in three axes 'X', 'Y' and 'Z'. The
	axis along which the variable is measured is at the end of the
	variable name.
	
MAGNITUDE
	The magnitude of the three-dimensional signals (X, Y, Z) was calculated
	using the Euclidean norm.

MEAN
	For variables with 'Mean' in the name, the measurement is an estimation
	of the mean of the measured value over a short time period. Observations
	were made at a constant rate of 50 Hz.

STANDARDDEVIATION
	For variables with 'StandardDeviation' in the name, the measurement is 
	an estimation of the standard deviation of the measured value over a 
	short time period. Observations were made at a constant rate of 50 Hz.